docs(telemetry): make the Logs Explorer docs ClickHouse-focused (#47914)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/telemetry/logs.mdx

## Querying with the Logs Explorer

The Logs Explorer runs on **ClickHouse**. Every log line from every source is a single row in the `logs` table, tagged by a `source` column. Structured fields live in a `log_attributes` map whose values are strings, and the raw line is in `event_message`.

<Admonition type="note">

> ClickHouse became the default engine in June 2026. Projects created before then queried logs on BigQuery, whose `cross join unnest(metadata)` syntax is deprecated. Rewrite those queries in the ClickHouse syntax shown here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ClickHouse became the default engine since June 2026. Projects created before this date will use BigQuery, whose `cross join unnest(metadata)` syntax is deprecated. We recommend rewriting those queries in ClickHouse syntax shown in this guide.
```

<SharedData data="logConstants">
  {(logConstants) => {
    const otelBaseFields = [
      { path: 'id', type: 'string' },
      { path: 'timestamp', type: 'datetime' },
      { path: 'event_message', type: 'string' },
      { path: 'severity_text', type: 'string' },
      { path: 'source', type: 'string' },
    ]
    const baseColumns = new Set(otelBaseFields.map((field) => field.path))
    return (
      <Tabs
        scrollable
        size="small"
        type="underlined"
        defaultActiveId="edge_logs"
        queryGroup="source"
      >
        {logConstants.schemas.map((schema) => {
          const fields = [
            ...otelBaseFields,
            ...schema.fields
              .filter((field) => !baseColumns.has(field.path))
              .map((field) => ({
                path: `log_attributes['${field.path.replace(/^metadata\./, '')}']`,
                type: field.type,
              })),
          ]
          return (
            <TabPanel id={schema.reference} key={schema.reference} label={schema.name}>
              <table>
                <thead>
                  <tr>
                    <th className="font-bold">Path</th>

>                     <th className="font-bold">Type</th>

Reviewer: I wonder why the default styles don't work? If not, instead of styling each table, I would prefer in a different PR to tackle this for all tables so they all look the same 🙏
